Please ensure all of you are part of the round 2 teams’ channel for seamless communication  
Round 2 Expectation  Summary :  
RGM : 
Optimize SKU prices for maximizing MACO  (Margin of Contribution)  
Teams are expected to build an optimization engine which can find the optimal prices for market’s 
full portfolio i.e. at SKU level  maximizing the national MACO adhering to the hard and soft 
constraints. This should be delivered along with a front-end ie a web app which can take Revenue 
Managers ’ input for Price Increase (PINC - usually between 0-6% on the entire portfolio ) & Price 
Bounds (eg. You can only change the price of the SKU in the range PTC of SKU  +/ - 300) using the 
optimization engine in the backend to recommend the optimal price/SKU . 
Use the unmasked data provided to get closer to the insights  
There is additional data available for RGM  
 
Constraints:  
 
Your optimizer must adhere to the following hard constraints : 
1. Volume should change in accordance with the Industry Volume model: The final volume 
must be connected to the Industry model, using elasticities as inputs to determine the new   
volume mix across the different products in the country. Total Industry Volume should not 
decline by more than 1%.  
a. New Industry Volume = (1 -.56*price change) * Old Industry Volume   
2. Financial Target:  The target MACO (model output) must be higher than the base MACO 
(current year).   
3. Volume Target:  The target volume (model output) should not decrease by more than 1% or 
increase by more than 5% compared to the base volume (current year).  
4. Total Price Increase (PINC):  The overall portfolio price increase can be between 0 -6%, 
based on a user -defined input.  
5. Market Share:  ABI's market share should not drop by more than 0.5%.  
6. Pricing Multiples:  All recommended price changes must be in multiples of 50.  
 
You must also consider soft constraints  to maintain brand hierarchy:  
• The Net Revenue per Hectoliter (NR/HL) of different segments must follow the 
established hierarchy: Value < Core < Core+ < Premium < Super Premium.  
• The NR/HL architecture of size groups must follow the hierarchy: Small > Regular > 
Large.  
▪ Small: An SKU is considered small if the pack_size is less than 300.  
▪ Regular: An SKU is considered regular if its pack_type is 'CAN' and its 
pack_size is between 300 and 399 (inclusive), or if its pack_type is 'RB' or 
'NRB' and its pack_size is between 300 and 599 (inclusive).  
▪ Large: An SKU is considered large if its pack_type is 'CAN' and its 
pack_size is greater than 399, or if its pack_type is 'RB' or 'NRB' and its 
pack_size is greater than 599.  
 
LTE: 
Optimize Marketing Investments  
 Leverage the model to optimize marketing investments  that can control Power. Give insights to 
recommend the optimal mix of investment s for maximizing long -term brand equity.  
• The goal for optimization is to drive power growth using the best marketing allocations  
• Constraints:  
o Digital cannot be 100%  
o TV cannot be more than 50% of the total mix  
• Evaluation: Power uplift w.r.t. actual power  
 
Simulate Power based on the marketing KPIs  
Develop an interactive simulator tool based on the above optimized mix where users can adjust 
marketing inputs and instantly see the projected impact on Brand Power.  
Use the unmasked data provided to get closer to the insights  
Submission Guideline s: 
To ensure you qualify for AI scoring :  
• The web app development should be within given Github repo that includes a single 
entrpoint file which can spin up the app locally across Windows/Linux/MAC Platforms  
o Examples:  
▪ main.py (for Streamlit/FastAPI/Flask apps) → python main.py  
▪ npm start (for Node.js/React apps)  
▪ docker-compose up (for multi -service setup)  
• No manual setup should be required apart from installing dependencies (e.g., pip install -r 
requirements.txt, npm install, or Docker).  
o Judges should not have to configure environment variables, databases, or edit code.  
o If special setup is needed, include it in the entrypoint or clearly document in 
README.md . 
Evaluation Criteria : 
o Round 1 gives 40 points.  Leaderboard position  is prorated by fixing team 1 points as 40.  
(provided you qualified  the code check ) 
• AI Scoring (15 points): 
o All submissions will be scored by an AI model, based on code quality, structure, 
documentation, and testing practices . 
o Evaluation will focus on whether the web app can be reliably executed from a single 
entrypoint, with clear instructions and organized code in the GitHub repository  
o Default branch (main) will be selected for the code quality evaluation  
o You can clean up the code base from Round 1 further provided – your methodology,  
final scoring equation remains the same and we are able to reproduce the final 
submission  file. There will be penalty for violations  
• Methodology + E2E Approach  (15 points – by judges) : 
o Present the end to end steps involved in  R1 & R2. No need to create ppt s specifically  
o This can be done through  mkdoc - md files as well  (set up guide included ) - Anija  
Focus on talking through the below in the methodology walk through(plus additional details 
as per your wish) : 
 
General:  
1. What are the final equation s? What are the packages /algorithms  used? 
2. How was Gen AI leveraged ? 
3. What are  the key hypothesis /assumptions  taken from a business POV?  
4. If you had more time/data, what enhancements would you build?  
 
RGM  
5. How did you ensure volume & price relationship  via elasticity model ? How did you 
ensure that the model learns from the own and cross price effects of prices for volume 
prediction?  
6. Explain with the example of the largest volume SKU  in the market , its cannibalization 
rate and the sourcing matrix (ie for a 1% price increase in the SKU, which  other SKus will 
be cannibalizing its volume – across both ABI and non -ABI SKUs ) using the output from 
your model in R1.  
7. How did you ensure that SKUs have higher cross elasticities with other SKUs that are 
similar in terms of same brand, pack and size ? 
8. How did you use the elasticity model in the optimization?  
9. Explain your objective function  and plot it? Which optimization technique was used and 
why? How did you incorporate the constraints ?  
10. How have you incorporated the soft constraints?  
11. What is the portfolio change? Are there any patterns  in PINCS across SKUs? What are 
the SKUs that are driving more profitability , and why? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LTE- 
12. How did you capture long term impact of marketing KPIs ? 
13. How long it takes to drive power through marketing investments. (eg.  1 year, 3 years, 
etc.)? 
14. Which KPIs had short term vs long term impact on power ? 
15. Did you notice any interaction between KPIs ? 
16. How do you rationalize the optimized investments to drive power. (Eg.  Any constraints 
that you considered)?  
 
 
o Webapp functionality ( 15 points – by judges) :  
Core features adherence + functionalities + live dem o, Simulator/ Optimizer  performance  – Anija  
Core Features:  
LTE:  
• Filters to select country, brand, and time period  (monthly, quarterly, etc.) - even if 
monthly, it should use the R1 model aggregation to roll up to quarterly and show quarterly 
results 
• Dropdown or search functionality for each.  
• List all marketing KPIs (X variables)  used in the model . Users can adjust each KPI  via:  
o Numeric input box (e.g., type exact value)  
o Slider (for incremental changes, e.g., ±20% of baseline)  
• Display the predicted power value  based on current KPI settings.  
• Ability to save multiple scenarios  for the same country -brand-period combination.  
• Compare predicted power across scenarios (e.g., table or chart).  
• Highlight delta from baseline  (current predicted power vs. scenario).  
• Reset button  to restore baseline KPI values.  
• Export functionality:  CSV or Excel of scenario inputs + predicted power.  
• Responsive UI : usable on both desktop and laptop screens.  
 
RGM:  
• A web app  which can take Revenue Managers inputs for Price Increase (PINC)  & Price 
Bounds [MIN and MAX eg PTC - 300, PTC + 500] and uses the optimization engine in the 
backend to recommend the optimal price/SKU .  
• Functionality – Take user input on PINC and Price Bound > Optimize for MACO > 
recommend optimal price/SKU adhering to constraints  
Output:  
o Dynamic visualization of the overall Portfolio Impact and Financial summary . This 
table should clearly show – for the given user input; the old price, new price, and the 
projected impact (%change)  on key performance indicators (KPIs), including:  
• Volume  
• Net Revenue (NR)  
• NR per Hectoliter (NR/HL)  
• MACO  
• MACO per Hectoliter (MACO/HL)  
o Price Architecture  View - A visualization of the new and old prices across SKUs 
based on the recommendations from the optimizer for the user defined PINC, that 
can be viewed by product attributes like brand, pack, size .  
 
 
Business users  (15 points by Judges): 
End output appeal to business users  (Relevance,  Hypothesis & Assumptions, E ase of use,  
differentiation,  presentation)  
Bonus Points (10 points  by Judges ): Judges discretion  for anything outstanding,  chatbot 
integration  
 
Timelines:  
Git Repo Submission Deadline: 9th Oct 12 AM GMT /5.30 AM IST  
Round 2 for RGM: 9th Oct 6.30 PM – 9.30 PM IST/1PM -4PM GMT (You will have a total of 15 minutes 
to present & 10 minutes for questions per team)  
Round 2 for LTE:  10th Oct 6.30 PM – 9.30 PM IST/1PM -4PM GMT( You will have a total of 15 minutes to 
present & 10 minutes for questions per team)  
 